hi I'm Evan from Gregg's greenling
cycles and I'm going to show you how to
change a tire on your bike the first
thing that you want to do is go ahead
and release the brake that'll enable you
to get the tire or the wheel out of the
bike and then let the majority of the
air out of the tube not all of it just
most of it once you've got most of that
air up you can kind of feel the tire
release just kind of go around and knock
it off the edge of the tire there or off
the edge of the wheel and then take your
tire lever and just insert one right
there and then it just kind of pulls the
the bead of the tire over the beat of
the rim and then once you got that over
just push then take it all the way
around and then what you want to do is
you want to pull the tube out starting
from the opposite side of the valve stem
that way you're sure not not to break
the valve stem off in there and then get
around to where the valve stem is pull
the valve stem out set your two beside
then go ahead and remove the the tire
again using your tire lever just pop the
beat of that beat of that tire right
over the edge of the rim there and then
again same thing just kind of work it
around until the tire comes off and then
to reinstall a new tire you would again
put the beat of the tire over the beat
of the rim and use your tire lever kind
of string it along there and then once
you have that first edge of the tire
over the rim take your tube find your
valves valve stem hole get that valve
stem in there first
and then just kind of tuck your tube
inside the tire first one then once your
tube is in the tire go ahead and put the
tire on the rim and start at the valve
stem again that way it's easiest the
valve stem is kind of the hardest part
to get on the tire and then just
continue to go around the rim you may
have to continue to tuck the tube into
the tire may kind of want to pop out on
you right now and then then just go
around with your thumbs and push that
guy on there and then make sure it's all
on there evenly then you can go ahead
and fill your tire with there and put it
back on the bike then always always
always remember to reattach your break
at the end probably the most important
part that is how you replace the tire on
your bicycle